Hello everyone guys to introduce you
this fiat 1300 of t
networks st for double traction you see it
model is done very well compared to
see other fiat in the game
also noted the details of the grid
spotlights etc.
after doing roth well here too
wide stretch from behind for a beast
ogre dog is scary
for a year as you see in the white cabin
second standard version then yes
he gathered moralists who will have the cabin
orange colored fiat style
note where the transmission is here
see how well it is made than others
models like I said before that I am
made a little had the writing and so on
cabin ladder written on the tires
michelin
yes or yes or bi bo see also a hvar mita
did well to do so perfect now
we go up the typical room fiat si sound
which is a bit to be blocked
It serves to miss in ragusa a rubber as
see I'm on the ground
fuck here transferee fix it not you
i go home i take the compressors
donovan fiata
then before leaving then
window n the right window and the one
sinister school in the wrong case when
correct you get air inside here
that's how it gets caught a little when
you are running for the road closes worth
also therefore the father of the cold
winter effect asi 7
989 etc. 8 has nothing left
headlights 456 that tpc four in fiat 1400 style
positioned well
sorry 1300 typical do the old
fiat tractors we enjoy a bit if not a go
theater equal to a cold game like
see here unfortunately it is not that being
did just perfectly notice that
the wheels do not seem very centered
with respect to the axis it is not known where cabbage
snack but for rest we say that it is
rather than the usual crappy fiat ha
made from butt type 180 90 which is made
really sucks the best this can go
well I said this in my wake
first normal version other than shooting
down the plow here you also see the how
noticed you see the smoke rising into
I go to the effort see the sound fiat
here then truth has relaxed too
effect of tube engine heat
exhaust as you see it deform
images therefore means that he did
really re done well again
realistic as the chaste did a bit
so for our she to do everything
they perfectly travel in style
of the tires
I see you that it seems to be gattara truth also
the effect of loose earth
okay that is only backwards to the
tractor does not fade even healthy
you know how everything is always understood
I am the god of destruction as mentioned
I ride zylo turns around right in an yes
capotta bit the hard to fall maximum yes
moves the axis but nothing zero at the best
favourite actor
second, it never capsizes
then flashing works but you know
that is, it can do nothing
then here you see in here furrow the
beastly, but in the furrow these however
even here I don't know my friends
so beautiful to see areas strangely
wide which to compare states that sentence
I saw like 1300 mah anyway guys
fashion is done well has nothing not
hood you are right here I menticavo
tire letras
then the hour bets will take place
don't worry if you find the field
or the street full of signs of traces
of tires I flew after they put themselves by
sun ros and then after a while made a lot of
those signs bring redeems that turn
within the game as it happened
in 2011 there was no way this was written
it's time
yes the game slowed down were problems
many boys many problems like you do
afraid with these tires he folds in
perfect groove no problem
I would say that we need to improve a little
texture and more because there is merit but it has
I need some retouching I hope
the version mr yes but there if a little more
edited but in the next version
however, I appreciate the work that
they did fmt modding compliments
first fiat done recently with the tra
furrow apart where the from the fiat theaters
the smaller ones would take a lot
breasts so much bar 90 but for now not if of it
they see agonized well in fact
program but since it's about to come out
15 I don't think he does it right away but but
in 2015
I really hope I do it like this
finally we will have a fiat with with the
balls that I said in simple terms
here
well as you see perfectly
no problem working any
defect apart from some stuff from
improve for the rest maybe even i
my compliments to fmt moting ottimo
great job compliments also for the
deformation texture etc.
and with this video I hope there is
was useful for explaining well of
to have been quite cheerful though
we say that I am not so much I know I know
I admit it but I found it anyway
I hope I was clear about it
was good at explaining everything in
this video all goes but next